Chairman Zhao, you have also heard the news that I am debt-free.
As the boss, we are here to give you money,
To get you through the hard times. Invest in a company that pays its debt,
I still hear about it. You don't sell.
There is no money in buying in business.
Being the boss, this is behind the scenes. You showed up at this critical moment,
I don't think you are helping me,
It seemed like they were here to laugh at me. Be the boss,
You really misunderstood this. We sincerely want to buy it.
And we know that we can’t keep anyone,
I've come here to talk to you about the acquisition,
Tianmei is your lifelong interest
It's because of the turnover that I faced bankruptcy.
If it falls into the hands of Liu Baoli at this time,
I believe you won’t be willing to accept it, right?
Show me your sincerity
This card has two meanings
In the account of Tianmei Group funds
And your previous transactions
What's your purpose for doing this?
I can't survive a few stray criminals and I want to be converted.
I just want him to never do it twice
I'm at this point now
It was also planned by Liu Jia.
OK, I'll sign it with you
Thank you, Boss Su